### About The Team

The Air Force COVID-19 Health Assessment Dashboard (CHAD) was designed
and developed by Capt James Deitschel, 1st Lt Garrett Alarcon, 2d Lt
Nick Forrest, and 2d Lt Trey Pujats. Each team member received his M.S.
in Operations Research from the Air Force Institute of Technology in
March 2020.

### What is CHAD?

CHAD was designed to give Air Force leaders a centralized location to
receive customizable, up-to-date COVID-19 information for active duty,
national guard, and reserve Air Force Installations. This application is
the result of rapid response efforts to address the escalating fight
against COVID-19. Up-to-date pandemic information automatically updates
daily through various open source datasets found in the *Sources* info
panel. All future projections displayed are calculated using adaptations
of the University of Washington’s IHME model and Penn State University’s
CHIME model.

### How Do I Use CHAD?

Users have the ability to **adjust various input factors** in the left
sidebar to customize the dashboard experience. Select the OCONUS Air
Force installation that pertains to you and CHAD will automatically
update with data relating to your installation. Additional inputs can be
defined to customize user experience. However, all additional inputs
have default values.

The user can **move across the top tab bar** to receive different
information regarding the national COVID-19 status, the local COVID-19
status, and local situational projections moving forward. All
information displayed updates live with changes in user inputs.

**Download a comprehensive report** of the information diplayed on the
dashboard by clicking the *Generate Report* button at the bottom of the
left sidebar.
